This repo contains the backend code for membot. The current features supported are adding a document, searching for a document, using a LLM connected with the index to chat about the documents, starting a new conversation and adding the previous one to the index, and deleting a document. The structure of the documents is like a tree; Documents that have similar meanings are combined in order to facilitate more efficient document retrieval. When a document is inserted, it is checked against the most similar document and merged if the two documents are very similar. Deletion work in a similar way, but backward. If a document has already been merged and needs to be deleted, the merged document is also deleted. The sibling of the document, or the document that was merged with first document to create the merged document takes the place of the merged documents. As an example, let document1 and document2 merge to create document3, and let document3 and document4 merge to create document 5. If document2 is deleted, then document1 takes the place of document3 and documents 1 and 4 will try to be merged. All of the roots of these trees of document merges are stored in a vector index, which supports search and use as a RAG database. In the future, I would like to perform some prompt engineering to improve the quality of the merged documents, use a vector database like pinecone for the vector store, and work on ways of improving the generated user profiles to reduce the amount of hallucinations. Additionally, for the memory specifically I would like to incorporate other features such as summarizations of documents and groupings of memories under different labels. To run the code, run pip install -r requirements.txt. You will need to specify the openai api key in a new file called api_key.json. Then simply run python server.py
